Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) within 3 months.
Under beta-blocker treatment for the last 2 weeks.
Under other medicine treatment which may affect heart rate, like Non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers (NDHP-CCBs) or ivabradine for the last 2 weeks; Under Digoxin treatment [more than (>) 0.125 milligram (mg)].
Uncontrolled Diabetes [hemoglobin A1c, (HbA1c) >7.5%].
Severe or uncontrolled hypertension [resting Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP) >180 millimeters of mercury (mmHg), or resting Diastolic Blood Pressure (DBP) >110mmHg at screening period].
Severe hypotension [resting SBP less than (<) 90mmHg, or resting DBP<50mmHg].
Resting heart rate <60 beat per minute (bpm).
Any contradiction to Bisoprolol according to label, including:
Acute heart failure or during episodes of heart failure decompensation requiring intravenous inotropic therapy.
Cardiogenic shock.
Atrioventricular block of second or third degree (without a pacemaker).
Sick sinus syndrome.
Sinoatrial block.
Slowed heart rate, causing symptoms (symptomatic bradycardia),
Decreased blood pressure, causing symptoms (symptomatic hypotension),
Severe bronchial asthma or severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Sever forms of peripheral arterial occlusive disease and Raynaud's syndrome.
Untreated phaeochromocytoma.
Metabolic acidosis.
Hypersensitivity to bisoprolol or to any of the excipients.
Severe Arrhythmia including atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular fibrillation, ventricular flutter or ventricular tachycardia.
Significant valvular heart disease, congenital heart disease, pulmonary heart disease or perinatal heart disease.
Acute pulmonary edema.
Severe hepatic dysfunction, defined as:
Serum Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) > triple the upper limit of the normal range; and/or
Serum Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST) > triple the upper limit of the normal value range and/or
Severe renal dysfunction, defined as:
Serum creatinine > twice the upper limit of the normal range
Chronic Kidney Disease (glomerular filtration rate <45 Milliliter per minute).
Hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism.
Severe infectious disease, example (eg) Human Immunodeficiency Virus positive or active tuberculosis.
Severe autoimmune disease, e.g. lupus erythematosus, multiple sclerosis.
Severe respiratory, digestive, hematological disease (including Anemia of Hb < 100 gram per litre) or tumor.
Known to be hypersensitivity to Bisoprolol, or any of the excipient.
Substance or alcohol abuse.
Received heart transplantation or pacemaker implantation; revascularization treatment within 3 months; or plan to receive above treatment in 6 months.
Currently undertaking other treatment that may affect the safety and/or efficacy evaluation, e.g. beta receptors agonists, et cetera.
No legal ability or legal ability is limited.
Subjects unlikely to cooperate in the study or with inability or unwillingness to give informed consent.
Child-bearing period women without effective contraceptive measures, pregnancy and lactation.
Participation in another clinical trial within the past 90 days.
Other significant condition that in the Investigator's opinion would exclude the subject from the trial.
